Adds more details to overview, basic workflow, and How it works section (#19508)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/frameworks/index.mdx

:::note

**Static Assets for Workers is currently in open beta.**

> If you're looking for a framework not on this list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking for a framework not on this list:
```

> - It may be supported in [Cloudflare Pages](/pages/). Visit [Pages Frameworks guides](/pages/framework-guides/) for a full list.
> - Tell us which framework you would like to see supported on Workers in our [Cloudflare's Developer Discord](https://discord.gg/dqgZUwcD)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It may be supported in [Cloudflare Pages](/pages/). Refer to [Pages Frameworks guides](/pages/framework-guides/) for a full list.
- Tell us which framework you would like to see supported on Workers in our [Cloudflare's Developer Discord](https://discord.gg/dqgZUwcD).
```
